[Music]
so today we're going to tie in our
communal there's wide variety of
community
like nice
some amount some
most of them know not all there are some
sulfur Madagascar's
our wide variety of them as well so
today we're going to be talking mostly
about
nice
when my hair
[Music]
so you can incorporate size cage for you
you want something that's going to get a
nice big area to browse it a nice area
that's tall as well you want to be
so
what we got here is Pike Street and
these were really nicely because they
grow very got out here they like
community just like the Anna's usually
keep a nice conclusion and another thing
too about them is they give off the nice
Keith Green pod the top of the light is
and as you go down the tree the
temperatures will decrease as you go
down as well as they have nice lots of
height of the tree
go ahead put this in our case here today
and since it's a little tight we got
other things for them as well
you put branches in they're lost sources
is great what else FPS here
well
temperatures and areas they want to be
in the cage one thing as much variety as
possible
so you set up houses like
nice easy one pizza
so heat up our chameleon so they stay
nice boring company we're going to be
using a cement power Sun 160 Bobby
business K is very large
make sure they got a nice area top to
the bass and get nice and warm and then
as it goes down like I said it moving
this also gives some essential UVB rays
which is needed to build bones another
things about nature and the house that
we're going to put in this guy it's a
deep tone picture also pursue that and
then specifically pull the power cells
even have any questions so far
nothing
Nergal new frontiers panther chameleon
and those guys get very pretty and with
a nicely colored ranges so go ahead and
set this up pretty much you want to put
some other cage where they go to Bass
and since I only have anything right now
is that right here
yes we'll get right in that light
more of an option right
at the bottom is nothing better but
remember these
water and expands take that bottle as
much as you'd like anymore
and you said that's just going worker
looks than anything
it's more novel I like communion there
naturalistic if
Boniface pushes
yes because the water you soak that in
help with the humidity yes it does as
well it also helps community and since
it's cocoa us it won't rock through the
high water level into which is very nice
so the light will also make that
community rise out of it another thing
too is communities don't drink standing
water so they won't drink through a
water bowl like most other animals that
we have about pal business so we have
these things called rivers fill it up
with water and then right there the top
it's got a little value up to a certain
level let's make it drip at a nice speed
like me
he has turned it on and let it drip
Wednesday also he wanted
practice
just take a spray bottle of
a lot of water that makes happy but also
in few
crickets cockroach Anderson dignity
larger sides
not always the most nutritious for the
animals and we pick whatever
[Music]
it's better for how
every time so plastic
and also those communities
and with it it has to grow
that's nice this one also
right
back up back up
to the flank is somewhere
and you can see the temperatures that
they're at and make sure that everything
problem Panther communities and also the
bales they like nice and hot like I'm
saying they get up to around
that's the very top there now going down
from the
hit 90 80 70 65 whatever the temperature
of your house is going to be an attempt
to block someone been round at the
lowest 75 the
and oh no find the temperature they want
to get after that variety page and have
a good time try too much contributes and
then another
- deluded one big hassle to read on it
that we knew